Not cool!

Kai: Dude, our mechs are totalled!

Nya: Now that cat's destroying Ninjago.

Jay: We were the only people that didn't hate you. And now we hate you.

Zane: Deleting all data related to treating Lloyd as a friend.

Lloyd: Guys, I'm sorry. I put everyone in danger, and now... Master Wu is dead.

(Wu bursts out of the rubble.)

Wu: Hello, students.

Ninja: Master Wu!

Lloyd: You're alive!

Wu: Duh! I'm a ninja master. If I was going to die, it would be to teach you a lesson. Lloyd. You have awakened Meowthra.

Ninja: Meowthra?

Wu: Yes! Meowthra. The six-toed, fluffy demon, with her sandpaper tongue. Her reign of terror will stretch on, and on, until all of Ninjago is her own personal litter box. There's only one hope, one thing that can drive Meowthra away.

Ninja: What?

Lloyd: What is it?

Wu: The Ultimate, Ultimate Weapon.

(A doubly epic montage plays.)

Ninja: Whoa!

Nya: Where is this thing?

Wu: On the other side of the island. Hidden where only a true ninja master can find it. You must follow the right path. Otherwise you will end up trapped in the deadly Jungle of Lost Souls, unable to cross the Bridge of Fallen Mentors, and mired in the Canyon of General Unhappiness. And if you’re still alive, you'll be crushed by the Temple of Fragile Foundations. It's a journey many have tried. And none have returned.

Lloyd: That... does sound difficult.

Jay: And terrifying!

Lloyd: But you know what? We're ready!

Wu: No, you're not. It would take great patience, courage and hard work, all the skills of a true ninja master. So... I will make this journey on my own. Bye!

Kai: Wait, wait, wait-

Lloyd: Master Wu, wait- wai, wait- hold- hold on a second- please-

Jay: Come on-

Zane: No-

Lloyd: Master Wu, I know I let Ninjago down.

Jay: It's true. Lloyd let Ninjago down. (whispers to Lloyd) Sorry, dude. (to Wu) We want to fix his terrible mistake.

Kai: Train us to be true ninjas.

Nya: We have the potential!

Cole: Come on. Wait! We'll do anything!

Lloyd: Please, Master Wu. You can't do this alone. I know we're not ninja masters yet, but you said it yourself. It's important to look at things differently. Is there anything I can do to change your point of view?

Wu: Hmm. Students, are you willing to give Lloyd a second chance?

(Lloyd looks hopefully at the other ninja.)

Cole: Uh...

Jay: Well...

Nya: Too soon.

Kai: Nope!

Cole: Pass.

Jay: Still processing, so...

(Lloyd sighs.)

Wu: Lloyd. You have a long way to go to regain your friends' trust. Luckily, there's a long journey ahead of us.

Lloyd: Thank you, Master Wu. Thank you.

Wu: The fate of Ninjago is in your hands. Are you ready?

Lloyd: Yes, I am on it!

Nya: Oh yeah!

Kai: Yep!

Zane: Affirmative.

Jay: Maybe!

Wu: Let’s go.

(Wu and the Ninja leave to go find the Ultimate Ultimate Weapon, unaware that they are being watched on a screen by Garmadon’s forces.)

Asimov: Sir, I think we found them. There's a group of brightly coloured ninjas heading towards the obviously dangerous jungle.

Garmadon: Hmm. Zoom in, a little closer. Closer. Close- clo- no, closer. Closer. Yes! Right in on my stupid brother's dirty beard. What's he saying? Something about a weapon, the... omelette, omelette weapon. Sounds delicious. Delicious, yet quite possibly dangerous.

Asimov: He's talking about an Ultimate Ultimate Weapon.

Garmadon: That's what I said. Ultimate, Omelette Weapon.

Terri: Sir! Where are you going?

Garmadon: This is pure warrior stuff. Alone in the field, tracking ninjas, finding out exactly what Luh-Lloyd meant when he said, “I wish you weren't my father.” So I guess I'm going to the jungle.

(Wu plays Welcome to the Jungle by Guns N' Roses on his staff like a flute as he and the Ninja travel through the jungle. They experience various challenges, such as steep mountains, giant bugs, wobbly rock stacks, and narrow bridges. The Ninja eventually collapse, exhausted.)

Cole: Dope fluting, Master Wu.

Wu: Thank you!

(They continue their journey.)

Wu: Students. Your elemental powers come from this lush, green world. 