You never knew what was coming next, and you didn't even order! It was one of those places where you don't even get a menu.

Lloyd: Omakase?

Garmadon: Is that the name of the place?

Lloyd: No, that just means-

Garmadon: (speaking over Lloyd) That is! That’s the name of the place!

Lloyd: -he brings it to you, and you don't choose, he chooses-

Garmadon: (speaking over Lloyd) That’s the place!

Lloyd: Omakase. Anyway. Just to clarify, nothing- nothing else. If you really racked your brain, there's no other connection.

Garmadon: Yes. There was a boy that I had in my life.

Lloyd: Um. What- what happened to your child?

Garmadon: He was bald, had no teeth, couldn't chew, always crying. Couldn't walk! Couldn't even walk! I mean, I was like, what are we going to do with this kid? So I'm like, I don't want a hairless-

Lloyd: (shouting over Garmadon) Shu- shush! Shush! Sh- Shu- Zip it! Zip! Done! Stop! Stop! Stop talking! You’re done!

Garmadon: -crying son for the rest of my life. And that was when I made the decision to go away and live my life!

Lloyd: Aargh!

(Lloyd hits the big red 'FIRE' button on his mech.)

Computer: Mega missile mode. Right claw missile. Left claw missile. [?) Tongue rocket. Spine missile, one, two, three, four. Tail rocket, one, two. Eye missile. Other eye missile. Toe missile. Wrist rocket. Head missile. Other head missile. Backup head missile. [?) Butt torpedoes.

(All of these hit Garmadon, creating a massive explosion. A shark soldier gets caught in the explosion but survives.)

Shark soldier: Oh! Phew. Just one day ‘til retirement-

(The shark soldier explodes. The other ninja join Lloyd as he inspects the wreckage. Garmadon survived, using a bubble shield as protection.)

Garmadon: (coughs) Jeez, where'd that come from? (coughs) Did not see that coming. (coughs) Your missiles are very accurate, Green Ninja! Too bad for you, I upgraded all of my shields! (under his breath) ...That's all I seem to have at the moment, just my favourite shields.

Lloyd: Face it, Garmadon! You will never take over Ninjago. So why don't you just give up and go away for good?

Garmadon: Well, anything's open for discussion. Oh yeah. Except that! shields down! Here, catch! Shields up!

(Garmadon throws a bomb at Lloyd, who tries to catch it but fumbles and falls over.)

Garmadon: (laughs) Did you see that?

(The Shark Army soldiers laugh.)

Garmadon: I mean, who taught you how to catch, man?

Soldier: Nice catch, loser!

Lloyd: Oh yeah? Well, take this!

(Lloyd tries to throw the bomb back at Garmadon, but it somehow goes behind him. The Shark Army laughs harder.)

Garmadon: Amazing! Who taught you how to throw?

Lloyd: Funny you ask, um, no one. Because I, uh, I never had a dad to play catch with me.

Garmadon: Well, it shows, because that was the worst thing I’ve ever seen in my life.

Lloyd: Or, uh, you know, teach me how to ride a bike, or shave, or-

(The bomb explodes.)

Lloyd: -or how to diffuse a bomb!

Garmadon: You know what's funny? That I know how to do all those things.

Lloyd: Do you?

Garmadon: Yeah.

Lloyd: Oh, good to know.

Garmadon: And they're just sitting there idle in my brain, just wasted, floating away. Never taught them to anybody.

Lloyd: Mhm.

Garmadon: And they'll probably die with me.

Lloyd: Really.

Garmadon: When I die.

Lloyd: Aaaargh!

Garmadon: If I die. Which will never happen.

Lloyd: (shouting over Garmadon) Just- just leave Ninjago already, please-

Garmadon: I will never die.

Lloyd: -and get out of my life!

Garmadon: Ever never ever. Huh- wh- Get out of your life? (scoffs) Weirdly kind of personal, isn't it?

Kai: Uh oh.

Jay: Oh, man.

Lloyd: Um. Uh- ah- No?

Garmadon: You got a lot of issues, Green Ninja. I hope you get the chance to work them all out by the time I’m back. And when I return, I'll have something really wicked in store for you, something big!

(The Shark Army carries Garmadon away on his mech.)

Citizen 1: Uh, did he just say he's coming back?

Citizen 2: Can't those ninjas get rid of him for good?

Pilates Studio Owner: Oh, great. 