I was pillaging a peaceful village with my skeleton army, and I spotted this beautiful warrior queen from across a crowded battlefield. She was fighting for good and... looking great doing it. Even as she decimated my evil forces, I couldn't take my eyes off her. I was speechless. I summoned all my courage to approach her. I asked her if she fought here often. She said, “I do”.

(Garmadon and Lady Iron Dragon fight.)

Garmadon: (narrating) And let me tell you, Luh-Lloyd, when our eyes met, sparks flew. It was... love at first fight. Your mother and I were a true power couple. I thought we were going to conquer the world together. It was the happiest time of my life.

Lloyd: Wait a minute, wait a minute.

(The flashback ends.)

Lloyd: If you guys were so perfect, then... why did you leave us?

Garmadon: It's... complicated.

(The flashback continues.)

Garmadon: (narrating) One day we came upon Ninjago. I told your mother that I wanted to build our son's future on the ashes of that fine city. But it was at that moment that your mother realised...

(Garmadon laughs manically.)

Garmadon: (narrating) ...that the life of a conquering warlord...

(Baby Lloyd copies Garmadon’s laugh.)

Garmadon: (narrating) ...was not the life she wanted...

(Lady Iron Dragon takes Lloyd from Garmadon and walks away.)

Garmadon: (narrating) ...for you.

(The flashback ends.)

Garmadon: I could have changed.

(A vision of what Garmadon’s life with Koko could have been is shown. Garmadon and Koko meet in an office. They are later shown on a date, where they hold hands. They then ride a motorbike into the sunset. The vision ends.)

Garmadon: But I didn’t.

(The flashback continues. Garmadon stands on the edge of the battlefield, watching Lady Iron Dragon leave. Lloyd cries.)

Garmadon: (narrating) And before I knew it... she was gone. And you were gone.

(Garmadon drops his sword as fiery tears fall from his eyes. The flashback ends.)

Garmadon: Luh-Lloyd. Your mom was the best. She expected the best of me, and only ever wanted the best for you.

(Garmadon looks at a photo of the three of them together.)

Garmadon: I never should have let you go.

(Lloyd smiles up at Garmadon with tears in his eyes.)

Ninja: Lloyd! We found the Ultimate Ultimate Weapon!

(Lloyd and Garmadon follow the Ninja.)

Zane: Here, in the bedroom!

Jay: We think it's in that box!

Nya: Open it, open it open, open it!

(Lloyd opens the chest to reveal a bunch of elemental pieces.)

Ninja: Whoooaa!

Nya: What a bunch of junk...!

Jay: Maybe there's something important under it!

(The contents of the chest get dumped on the floor.)

Jay: This is the Ultimate Ultimate Disappointment.

Zane: Correct.

Lloyd: No, wait. There's a piece for each of our elements.

(The Ninja each take their piece as Lloyd names them, and they start to glow.)

Lloyd: Fire.

Kai: Wow!

Lloyd: And Earth.

Cole: This rocks!

Lloyd: And Water.

Nya: H2O yeah!

Lloyd: And Ice.

Zane: Cool.

Lloyd: Lightning.

Jay: Aah!

Lloyd: And I’m... Green.

(Lloyd holds up the leaf piece and nothing happens.)

Lloyd: But I'm... so happy for- for you guys. (laughs) Yay...

(The Ninja put the pieces back in the chest as Lloyd starts to carry it out of the temple.)

Garmadon: You know, Luh-Lloyd, after spending all this time with you and... seeing the amazing ninja warrior you’ve become...

Lloyd: Yeah?

Garmadon: I've realised that... we don't need to fight each other... when we can fight alongside each other!

Lloyd: Really?

Garmadon: Yeah! Luh-Lloyd, will you go back to Ninjago with me, as father...

(Lloyd gasps excitedly.)

Garmadon: ...and... General number one?

Lloyd: ...Wait, what, your-? Your General number one?

Garmadon: Exactly!

Lloyd: But... but you just said how you regretted letting me go.

Garmadon: Because you make the perfect General number one! We're an amazing team Luh-Lloyd! You, me, the Ultimate Ultimate Weapon? We'd be unstoppable!

Lloyd: No... I don’t want to be your General number one!

Garmadon: But just imagine it! We can rule Ninjago! Together! Come with me Luh-Lloyd. 