Before that, the thing right before that?

Wu: What? You mean...?

Disembodied voice: THE ULTIMATE WEAPON!

(An epic montage flashes before Lloyd’s eyes.)

Lloyd: And you've been hiding this why?

Wu: In the wrong hands, the Ultimate Weapon could spell doom for Ninjago.

Lloyd: Put that in my hands! Why does it matter how we defeat Garmadon as long as we beat him?

Wu: Because, nephew, right now? Your hands are the wrong hands.

(Lloyd looks down at his hands, confused and upset.)

Wu: Lloyd. I'm his brother. I too feel responsible for the safety of Ninjago. But I will not always be here to train you.

Lloyd: Why?

Wu: Because. I'm super, super... old.

Lloyd: Oh.

Wu: That's why I need you to lead the Secret Ninja Force. But you must promise to walk a different path. One only the son of Garmadon can walk, no matter how hard it may be.

Lloyd: Honestly... I would happily give up being a secret ninja... if it meant I didn't have to be the son of Garmadon.

Wu: I know you’ve had a hard life, Lloyd, filled with many knocks. Why don’t I play you a song? Perhaps it would speak to you.

(Wu starts to play Hard Knock Life from Annie on his staff, but Lloyd cuts him off.)

Lloyd: Thanks Uncle Wu.

(Lloyd runs home as Hard Knock Life plays. Wu’s song echoes in Lloyd’s mind as he journeys through the city.)

Koko: (talking on the phone) No, no, I don't know where he is. No, he hasn't come home from school. No, he did not join forces with his father. That is ridiculous. Yeah, like your husband’s a saint.

(Lloyd hears his mom talking through the front door and hesitates.)

Koko: (muffled) I’m trying not to freak out right now, but I have called eighteen people and I cannot locate my son. Yes, I know you said you never wanted him to play with your kids, I just didn't know if he would be-

(Lloyd enters.)

Koko: Lloyd!

Lloyd: Hey, mom.

Koko: (to the phone) No, I’ve got him right here, he just walked in! Buh-bye. (to Lloyd) Oh my gosh, I was so worried about you.

Lloyd: I- I'm fine. I- I just... took the long way home.

Koko: Why did we get on a family plan if you're not going to text me?

Lloyd: I’m so sorry, I didn't mean to worry you, I- I love you and I'm sorry.

(They hug.)

Koko: I don't know what I’d do if anything ever happened to you, okay?

Lloyd: Thanks mom.

Koko: I'm just really glad that those ninjas saved the day.

Lloyd: Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was there.

Koko: What?

Lloyd: Watching... with the other regular kids.

Koko: Okay, well, you must be starving.

Lloyd: I don't know. I'm not... really that hungry.

Koko: But I'll make your favourite! Dumplings!

Lloyd: Oh! Enticing! But... I'm just gonna- I'm just going to go to bed I think. Just really... (fake yawns) tired.

Koko: Oh.

Lloyd: Goodnight, mom.

(As Lloyd leaves, Koko pulls out a birthday cake, but realises she was too late.)

Koko: Okay, well, good night.

(The next day, the beach-goers are back.)

Radio: And back at number one with a bullet, no surprises there, is 'Boo Lloyd: The Remix'! ♪L-L-L! L-L-L-L-O-Y-D! L-L! L-L-L-L! L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-O-Y-D, his dad is bad and so is he! Boo Lloyd! Boo Lloyd! Boo Lloyd!♪

(The beach-goers spot something in the water.)

Beach-goer 1: Huh?

Beach-goer 2: What is that?

(Garmadon’s new mech emerges from the water and the beach-goers run away screaming.)

Garmadon: Hey, Green Ninja, I’m back! And look what I’ve brought with me! (laughs)

Robin: Breaking News. Garmadon is attacking the city, in a never-before-seen mech!

Citizen 1: Run! Run!

Citizen 2: Garmadon!

Citizen 3: Garmadon!

Citizen 4: Garmadon!

Garmadon: Ah, you all came out to greet me? Hey, don't run away. That's a nice little hot dog stand you got there. Ker-smash!

Robin: The ninjas are going to have their hands full with this thing!

Ninja: Ninjaaa GO!

(As Wu watches the Ninja launch into action, he gets ambushed.)

Omar: We got a message from your brother, Garmadon. 