We have so much lost time to make up for. And since I'll no longer be attacking the city no one will hate you anymore! And I'll never forget your birthday again, because we'll celebrate your birthday every day! And think of all the things I could teach you! Tie a tie, ride a bike, conquer a city!

(Garmadon snatches the chest out of Lloyd’s hands.)

Garmadon: And if we leave now, we can unleash the Ultimate Ultimate Weapon on Meowthra, and conquer Ninjago together. Come on!

Lloyd: Dad, please, don't.

(Garmadon backs into Cole.)

Garmadon: Huh?

Lloyd: Come back to Ninjago with me and save the city.

(Garmadon backs into Nya.)

Garmadon: What?

Lloyd: You'll be a hero.

Garmadon: But that's not who I am, Luh-Lloyd! People would never see me as a hero.

Lloyd: But it doesn't have to be this way. This is your chance to make a change.

Garmadon: I didn't want it to be this way either, but here we are.

Lloyd: Dad, please. Don't go.

Garmadon: If I couldn't change then, what makes you think I could change now?

(Garmadon suddenly realises he’s been surrounded. He uses the chest to hit Cole and Zane before they can take it from him.)

Lloyd: No, no!

(The rest of the Ninja try to wrestle the chest off Garmadon, who fights them off.)

Cole: Ow!

Zane: Stop.

Kai: Oh, no no no no!

Nya: No, hey!

Garmadon: Back off!

(Garmadon kicks Nya in the face, knocking her to the ground.)

Nya: Ah!

Kai: Hey, that’s my sister!

(Kai jumps and grabs onto Garmadon with his legs.)

Garmadon: Get off my face!

Kai: Bam!

(Kai throws Garmadon onto his back. Jay grabs the chest and runs.)

Jay: I got it!

Garmadon: Give that back!

(Garmadon kicks a stool at Jay and knocks him over. Jay screams and drops the chest, which is picked up by Lloyd.)

Lloyd: I can help you! We can do it together!

(Kai attempts to tackle Garmadon but misses.)

Garmadon: Just give me the box and we can talk about it!

Lloyd: I can't, you’ll just leave!

(Garmadon slides and kicks Lloyd’s leg out from under him. The chest flies through the air and Nya catches it.)

Nya: I got it.

Zane: Look out!

(Garmadon swipes at Nya, who throws the chest to Cole.)

Nya: Cole!

Garmadon: Ha! Gotcha!

(Garmadon tries taking the chest from Cole, but Cole knocks him with it then throws it to Zane.)

Cole: Nice try. Zane!

Zane: We’re like the Harlem Globetrotters!

Kai: Here! Here! Here here here here here!

(Zane stretches his arms so Garmadon misses his grab, then throws the chest to Kai.)

Kai: Ba ba-da-ba! Hey!

(Garmadon kicks the chest out of Kai’s hands, but Nya catches it again.)

Lloyd: Over here!

Nya: Lloyd, catch it!

(Nya throws the chest to Lloyd.)

Kai: Run, Lloyd, run!

Zane: Catch it, Lloyd.

Lloyd: I got it! I got it!

(The chest falls through Lloyd’s arms and lands behind him. Lloyd trips onto his face.)

Zane: Predictable, but credible.

Jay: Ughhh!

Nya: Bummer, man.

Garmadon: Oh, Luh-Lloyd.

(Garmadon knocks over the ninja and grabs the chest.)

Lloyd: Dad!

Garmadon: I should have taught you how to catch.

(Garmadon locks them inside the temple.)

Lloyd: No!

(Garmadon hijacks the Ninja’s vehicle, which causes the ground to become even more unstable as it takes off.)

Garmadon: So long, Luh-Lloyd.

(Inside the temple, the shaking causes the building to fall apart. The Ninja scream as rubble falls all around them.)

Jay: Get out of the way, this whole thing is coming down!

(Jay ducks under a stool.)

Cole: What are we gonna do? We don’t have those pieces!

Kai: Yeah, we don’t even have our mechs! We’re doomed!

(The Ninja attempt to take shelter under furniture.)

Kai: Oh no, we’re gonna die!

Cole: What do we do?

Zane: Our chances of survival are zero point zero, zero...

(Lloyd remembers Wu’s final words to them.)

Past Wu: Stay on the right path, to find your inner peace!

Past Nya: Did he say... “inner peace”?

(Lloyd looks around at the Ninja, who are cowering in fear.)

Past Wu: The power... is inside you. The power... is inside you.

(As Lloyd looks at the Ninja, he sees their element.)

Past Wu: The power... 