Now I have to rebuild my Pilates studio.

Citizen 3: (distantly) That stinks.

Citizen 4: (distantly) I don’t know how, but I bet that Lloyd Garmadon had something to do with this.

Citizen 5: (distantly) You can say that again.

Citizen 4: (distantly) I don’t know how-

Garmadon: Is that Green Ninja still staring at me?

Soldier: Yes, sir.

(Garmadon adjusts the mirror on his mech to focus on Lloyd, who is staring extremely intently at him.)

Garmadon: Ugh. What a weirdo.

(The Shark Army flies over the ocean towards Garmadon’s volcano base.)

Soldier: Volcano base, this is Alpha Squad, arriving shortly at LB.

Soldier 2: Bakery team, the victory cake goes back in the fridge. The victory cake goes back in the fridge.

Intercom: There is a magma spill on Deck Three. Avoid Deck Three if sensitive to magma.

Soldier 3: Just passed Garmadon in the hallway. He seems pretty angry.

Soldier 4: He's requesting a mandatory staff meeting by the fireplace.

Soldier 3: Is that the room with the lava or the room where people get fired?

Soldier 4: It's both.

(By the fireplace, Garmadon sips tea. A large group of soldiers sit opposite him, heads bowed.)

Garmadon: Well, Generals, congratulations. We finally conquered Ninjago.

Shark General 1: I'm not... certain we did that?

Garmadon: I was being sarcastic! Every time I try and conquer Ninjago, that meddling Green Ninja thwarts me. Who are these secret ninjas? Every time I come up with a new plan, they still beat me. And they don't even have cool suits! And you guys have like crab outfits and shark outfits. I mean, maybe we're spending too much on outfits.

Shark General 1: That... sounds right to me, sir.

Garmadon: Oh, come on. Hey, look, you guys gotta think for yourselves. I'm not your father! Alright?

Angler fish General 1: (whispering) Is that a weird thing for him to say to us?

Garmadon: General number one! Do you want to be a follower, or do you want to be a leader?

Shark General 1: Uh... leader?

Garmadon: How dare you?

(Garmadon hits a button, and the General is shot out of the volcano.)

Shark General: I mean follower!

Garmadon: You! What's your title?

Angler fish General 2: Uh- I'm General number two, sir.

Garmadon: Well, now you’re General number one.

Angler fish General 2: Oh- oh.

Garmadon: And you, what's your title?

Jellyfish General 3: General... three?

Garmadon: Well, now your General number two. You see where I'm going with this?

Jellyfish General 3: No.

Garmadon: Now. I told the Green Ninja I was coming back with something big, something, wicked, something with some pizzazz. General number one! Go ahead. Give me some ideas.

Angler fish General 2: Well, sir, I was thinking maybe we could work on the morale of the troops? They're always scared of being-

(Garmadon fires her.)

Angler fish General 2: -fireeeeeed!

Puffer fish General 1: We could... do the same thing we did last time?

(She gets fired.)

Crab General 1: What if we dressed up as the secret ninjas?

Puffer fish General 2: It’s time we develop a code language!

Jellyfish General 2: Intimidation. We paint angry eyebrows on the troop's faces.

Angler fish General 1: What if you just ran for Mayor?

(They all get fired.)

Garmadon: Oh, come on. How hard is it to come up with a genius idea? Anyone? Come on, jump off. This is a safe place. Go ahead. Just grab it.

Terri: Excuse me-

Garmadon: NERD! You’re interrupting.

Terri: Sorry, sir. We just cooked this up in engineering.

Garmadon: Give me that!

(He snatches the tablet and grins.)

Garmadon: Garma-daddy likey.

(The Ninja arrive back at the warehouse.)

Cole: Lloyd!

Lloyd: Yeah?

Cole: That's your dad. You were open, man.

Zane: It was highly poignant!

Jay: For me, it's easy to fight him because he's like, not my father... But for you, that must be so complicated.

Lloyd: Not... that complicated.

Nya: You also really pulled at my heartstrings, man. I felt... for you.

Lloyd: With the- with the missiles?

Nya: Nah, with the other- the other stuff.

Lloyd: The other stuff. 