All ninjas! Hit it!

(The mechs all start up and pull out of the garage.)

Lloyd: Alright, ninjas, follow me!

Jay: As long as we have these mechs, we’re unstoppable!

Zane: If we were The Beatles, you would be John, you would be Paul, you would be George, and I would be their computer!

(As the ninja arrive to fend off the Shark Army, the citizens of Ninjago start to cheer. Lloyd looks down, smiling and waving.)

Citizen 4: We love you Green Ninja!

Lloyd: Jay, you take the air.

Jay: 10-4, good buddy!

Lloyd: Nya, water.

Nya: It’s a dangerous and fascinating environment.

Lloyd: I know, right? Kai, Zane and Cole? You guys take downtown!

Kai: Already here, dude! We’re taking some heavy fire!

Cole: Hold on, Kai. I got you covered. You heard my latest track? It’s a SMASH!

Kai: Thanks, Cole!

Lloyd: Jay, you’ve got bogies on your six!

Computer: You’ve also got them on your three, one, seven, five, six, eight, nine and two.

Jay: Aaargh!

Soldier: I’ve got good [?) Fire! Too close for missiles! Switching to crabs!

Jay: Aaaaaaargh!

Soldier: Get your affairs in order, Lightning Ninja!

Jay: Aaargh! I’ve gotta charge up my super-sonic dynamo! Come on, charge! Charge! Hurry up, charge charge charge charge charge charge! Clear!

(Heroes by Blaze n Vill plays as the ninja destroy more and more of Garmadon’s forces.)

Kai: Zane! You are the man!

Zane: Yes, I'm a normal human teenager.

Lloyd: Nice work, guys! I’m going after Garmadon.

(A crab soldier rams the School Bus further over the edge and the children on board scream.)

Bus kid 2: Somebody help us!

Lloyd: Classmates. Hold on!

(Lloyd fires at the soldier, and the resulting explosion causes the bus to drop off the edge.)

Lloyd: Oh no.

(Lloyd’s dragon mech catches the bus and safely places it on the ground. Everyone cheers.)

Bus kid 3: Thank you, Green Ninja!

Bus kid 4: You’re our hero!

Bus kid 5: I wanna be him when I grow up!

(Lloyd smiles and salutes them.)

Kai: Hey, Lloyd, your dad- I mean, uh- Garmadon’s almost at the Mayor's Office!

Lloyd: I'm on it. We’ve got you surrounded, Garmadon.

Garmadon: You’re too slow, Green Ninja. You can't catch me. Where am I? Am I over here? Or am I over there?

Lloyd: You are right behind that building. I can see your shark tail sticking out.

Garmadon: Oh. Let me uh- there. Where's Garmadon now? (pretending to make his voice echo) Am I over here, here, here? Or am I over there, there, there? It’s like a house of mirrors in here.

Lloyd: Do you think you're hiding right now? Do you actually think I can't see you?

Garmadon: Well, if you can see me, why don't you shoot me?

(Lloyd shoots him.)

Garmadon: Ow! That was like in my kidney!

Lloyd: Why do you want to conquer Ninjago so badly?

Garmadon: Because there's something very, very special here.

Lloyd: What?

Garmadon: I'm going to let the walls down for just a second, Green Ninja.

Lloyd: Go- go on.

Garmadon: About sixteen years ago, I lost something I should have never given up.

Lloyd: What, what- what is it? You can say it. It's okay, you can say it.

Garmadon: I had this guitar, in college, and I traded it stupidly for like, a jacket or something.

Lloyd: That's what you were referring to? That-

Garmadon: Yeah! What else would I be referring to?

Lloyd: I don't know! Maybe something else! Think about it!

Garmadon: What? No!

Lloyd: Are you sure there's not any other sort of connection you have to the city? Nothing?

Garmadon: There is someone in the city I love very much.

Lloyd: Yeah?

Garmadon: Yeah. I remember when I first laid eyes on him.

Lloyd: Go on.

Garmadon: The last time I saw him was, well, I guess about sixteen years ago too.

Lloyd: Yeah?

Garmadon: I was just a... irresponsible kid and I...

Lloyd: Uh huh?

Garmadon: It was this... guy who made probably the best sushi I've ever had in my life. 