I named you.

Lloyd: You ruined my life!

Garmadon: How can I ruin your life? I wasn't even there!

(Lloyd fights off the soldiers holding him and kicks the Ultimate Weapon to the ground below, shattering it.)

Lloyd: I wish you weren't my father.

(Lloyd jumps off the tower, using a flag to parachute down safely. Inside the Good Morning Ninjago studio, they’re setting back up after the chaos.)

Crew Member: And we're back in three, two, one.

Robin: Welcome back, Ninjago. I'm Robin Roberts. And as you can see, our city is in the midst of total annihilation!

Michael: And for a city that gets attacked pretty frequently, Robin, that’s really saying something!

(Garmadon’s forces drop a replica volcano on top of Ninjago Tower.)

Robin: As we struggle to survive, we're left with so many questions, like: “who has truly conquered Ninjago: the monster... or Garmadon?”

(Meanwhile, Garmadon’s party is in full swing. Garmadon stands looking over the city.)

Garmadon: “I wish you weren't my father.” Like, is it just me, or was that kind of a weird thing to say? “I wish you weren’t my father.” And the tone! So disrespectful!

Hammerhead Soldier: Yes, sir! Plus, he tried to shoot you!

Soldier: Yeah! Right before you totally conquered the city!

Conga Line: ♪ We conquered your greatest foe! Turned out to be your son, though! ♪

Garmadon: I’m sure he meant it as a compliment, but... It's a weird thing, right? General number one!

Olivia: Sir! (slurps drink)

Garmadon: Have you captured my son yet?

Olivia: No. Not yet, sir. (slurps drink)

Garmadon: And yet here you are, partying on the rooftops with a paper umbrella in your drink.

(Olivia laughs nervously.)

Garmadon: What about Luh-Lloyd's Ninja friends? You captured any of them yet?

Olivia: No, sir. (slurps drink)

Garmadon: Then what about my brother, Wu?

Olivia: No, sir. (slurps drink)

Garmadon: What about my ex, Koko? You found her?

Olivia: ...Nooo, sir.

Garmadon: Well, you certainly had no trouble finding the bar, did you?

Olivia: We're on it, sir! We searched the whole city from top to bottom!

Octopus Soldier: Look, you’re not on the list.

(Koko smacks the list out of his hand.)

Octopus Soldier: Oh, my clipboard!

Olivia: Look, here she is now!

(Olivia slurps her drink again. Garmadon looks at her with rage and fires her.)

Garmadon: Hey, Koko. Glad you made it to the party. Pretty on the chain, isn’t it?

Koko: Wipe that smile off your face, Garmadon.

Garmadon: Ugh, same old Kokes. Just kills you to see me having any fun, doesn't it? Oh, by the way, a quick question. Oh, was it again? Oh yeah. Why did you turn our son against me?

Koko: Me? You turned him against you, Garm. You're a maniacal twisted villain!

Garmadon: Alright, look, enough with the compliments. Whose idea was it for him to become a Ninja?

Koko: Lloyd is not a Ninja.

Garmadon: Ha! Who's the absentee parent now?

Koko: Wait, what are you talking about?

Garmadon: Luh-Lloyd! He’s the Green Ninja. One of my greatest enemies, honour-bound and sworn to destroy me? You know what he said to me? He said that he wished-

Koko: What have you done with him?!

(Koko pushes Garmadon, shocking the party into silence. She catches him.)

Koko: Where's Lloyd?!

Garmadon: ...My gosh, woman, what happened to us?

Koko: Ugh!

Garmadon: I miss that fire.

Koko: Ugh. You know, I've always tried to get Lloyd to see that he shouldn't be ashamed of who his father is. But now? I'm starting to think he could be right.

(Koko leaves. The party watches her go, silent. Meanwhile, Lloyd lands. He runs through the city, wiping tears away as he sees the destruction he inadvertently caused. The Ninja’s mechs lie around, broken, but the Ninja themselves are nowhere to be seen. As Lloyd reaches the dock, he finds the Destiny’s Bounty, sunken, with Wu’s hat floating on the surface of the water.)

Lloyd: Oh, no. No, no, please, please, no. Uncle Wu...

(The other Ninja arrive at the dock, climbing over the rubble to meet Lloyd.)

Lloyd: Oh my gosh, you guys are okay!

Nya: Barely!

Cole: You used the Ultimate Weapon. 